Add filter to bypass Elementor single event template override (#4605)
the-events-calendar/the-events-calendar: readme.txt

= [6.5.1] TBD =

> * Fix - Add filter `tribe_bypass_template_override` to allow users to bypass the Elementor single event template. [TECTRIA-56]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Include a filter to the Elementor integration `tec_events_integration_elementor_bypass_template_override` to allow users to bypass the single event template. [TECTRIA-56]
```
